Trekbook User Manual 
*This tutorial is only useful for my local machine* 

Step 1: Load http://localhost:8888/trekbook/login.php into any browser.

Step 2: Click the Username textbox and input your username.

Step 3: Click the password textbox and input your password.

Step 4: When your username and password are inputted click the login button.

Step 5: If you do not get an error saying “Username or Password is incorrect” then you will see the “Home” page. 
Else you must re-enter your username or password.

Step 6: Click your profile image in the top right of the navigation bar (it should be grey with a person icon in it).

Step 7: Now that you are on your account page. Click in the name textbox and 
change your name (it should already be populated with your current username).

Step 8: Click in the email textbox and enter/change your email.

Step 9: Click in the new password textbox and enter a new password.

Step 10: Click in the verify password textbox and re-enter your new password.

Step 11: When all of the information that you had inputted looks correct then click the “save changes” button.

Step 12: If you do not get an error that says “two different passwords” but you get a message that says “Your changes have been made” 
and all of the above information has repopulated to your new information click the “back to home” button.

Step 13: Now that you are back on the home page click the three bars at the top right of the page. 

Step 14: You should see three links. Click the “Add New Location” link.

Step 15: Now that you are on the “Add New Location” page click in the Location Address textbox and enter your desired location.</br>

Step 16: Click in the “Location Name” textbox and add the name of your location.

Step 17: The next section is “Categories” click one or more categories that represent your location.

Step 18: The next section is “Tags” click one or more tags that represent your location.

Step 19: Click in the “Note” textbox and add a quick note about your location. It can be anything!

Step 20: When you have filled everything out and you are satisfied with the information you selected 
click the “Log It” button at the bottom of the screen.

